#	Homebrew Admin License [V1.0]

##	Definitions

1.	This Script is defined as all of the files within any archive
	file or any group of files released in conjunction by Homebrew Admin or a derived or modified work based on such files.

2.	A Modification, or a Mod, is defined as instructions, to be
	performed manually or in an automated manner, that alter any part
	of this Script.

3.	A Modified Script is defined as this Script or a derivative of
	it with one or more Modification applied to it.

4.	Distribution is defined as allowing one or more other people to in
	any way download or receive a copy of this Script, a Modified
	Script, or a derivative of this Script.

5.	The Software is defined as an installed copy of this Script, a
	Modified Script, or a derivative of this Script.

6.	The Homebrew Admin GitHub Repository is defined as 
	https://github.com/Syntaxx64/HomebrewAdmin.

##	Agreement

1.	Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify and/or
	distribute this Script, provided that:

	-	All copyright notices within source files and as generated by
		the Software as output are retained, unchanged.

	-	Any Distribution of this Script, whether as a Modified Script
		or not, includes this license and is released under the terms
		of this Agreement. This clause is not dependant upon any
		measure of changes made to this Script.

	-	This Script, Modified Scripts, and derivative works may not
		be sold or released under any paid license. Copying fees for
		the transport of this Script, support fees for installation or
		other services, and hosting fees for hosting the Software may,
		however, be imposed.

	-	Any Distribution of this Script, whether as a Modified
		Script or not, requires express written consent from a developer of Homebrew Admin.

2.	You may make Modifications to this Script or a derivative of it,
	and distribute your Modifications in a form that is separate from
	the Script, such as patches. The following restrictions apply to
	Modifications:

	-	A Modification must not alter or remove any copyright notices
		in the Software or Script, generated or otherwise.

	-	When a Modification to the Script is released, a
		non-exclusive royalty-free right is granted to Homebrew Admin
		to distribute the Modification in future versions of the
		Script provided such versions remain available under the
		terms of this Agreement in addition to any other license(s) of
		the initial developer.

	-	Any Distribution of a Modified Script or derivative requires
		express written consent from Homebrew Admin.

3.	Permission is hereby also granted to distribute programs which
	depend on this Script, provided that you do not distribute any
	Modified Script without express written consent.

4.	Homebrew Admin reserves the right to change the terms of this
	Agreement at any time, although those changes are not retroactive
	to past releases. Changes to this document will be made public via
	GitHub using the Homebrew Admin GitHub repository. Failure to
	receive notification of a change does not make those changes
	invalid. A current copy of this Agreement can be found on the
	Homebrew Admin GitHub Repository.

5.	This Agreement will terminate automatically if you fail to comply
	with the limitations described herein. Upon termination, you must
	destroy all copies of this Script, the Software, and any
	derivatives within 48 hours.
